hi this is chun win and today we're
going to take a look at the software
tour of the samsung intrepid on sprint
cdma ev-do network so let's go ahead and
take a look at what's included on the
intrepid the intrepid on the home screen
actually uses the default windows mobile
6.5 home screen with the panel's
interface it doesn't have its own custom
home screen however sprint did include a
number of applications that are
customized for the specific device let's
go ahead and take a look at some of them
the first one that we're going to take a
look at is called the tell me app which
is a voice command application tell me
actually allows you to search make phone
calls with your voice and let's go ahead
and try it out so there's actually a
dedicated button our hard hardware
button that will allow you to speak what
you want onto the device so let's go
ahead and search for starbucks starbucks
so tell me will actually use your gps
location and pull up the search results
on bing so it's opening up Internet
Explorer right now Internet Explorer
mobile and we have some bing location
listings here in the Los Angeles suburbs
so that's one application of tell me the
other is you can say call mom and it
will actually call bomb what's
interesting is that the samsung intrepid
actually comes with voice command as
well but tell me it's actually what's
mapped to the hardware key on the
keyboard other applications that come
with the device if you've ever used a
samsung windows mobile device you'll be
familiar with or one of them is the
anniversary ones which pulls up the
calendar application and pulls all the
birthdays and anniversaries you have
stored with your
contacts and calendar the other one is a
custom alarm application which gives you
the ability to set certain sounds and
when the alarms would go off so let's go
ahead and scroll through you can change
the tune if you want and I don't think I
have to send on so that is the Samsung
alarms application and then samsung also
bundled a bunch of media applications as
well such as Samsung TV you have the
NASCAR application you have also the NFL
application sprint navigation is also
included and you also have a sprint
software store however there's also
marketplace which I think personally is
a better shopping experience for your
applications what's also interesting
here is that sprint actually with
Samsung put the formal hard reset in
instead of the clear memory they put it
under the phone under settings and you
have to click over to the Security tab
click clear all data and the password
actually if you need it you have to call
sprint customer care or walk into a
sprint store to get it which is a minor
nuisance but it prevents you from
accidentally clearing out your data if
you didn't want to on other HTC phones
it's actually under settings and if you
go to the systems tab there should be a
clear data icon there the other thing is
that sprint also had a firmware has a
firmware update for you here which
allows you to download firmware over the
air since windows mobile 6.5 is actually
pretty new there
be any firmware updates available but
this is a nifty little feature that came
with 6.5 and carriers can enable it so
you can actually download firmware
without having to tether it to the
computer with a USB cable so that's a
quick look at some of the software
options that are available with windows
mobile 6.5 on the samsung intrepid on
sprint's network this is Chung win
thanks for watching